src/main/java/com/appManager/Application.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/Application.java:18:	Parameter 'application' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/Application.java:18:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/Application.java:21:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/appManager/Application.java:21:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/Application.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:44:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:44:	The class 'GithubOperations' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:44:	The class 'GithubOperations' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:44:	The class 'GithubOperations' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:44:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:45:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:47:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:47:	Parameter 'accessdata' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:47:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gito' (lines '48'-'136').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:48:	Local variable 'gito' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mio' (lines '49'-'136').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:49:	Local variable 'mio' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giturl' (lines '54'-'136').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:54:	Local variable 'giturl' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:56:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'username' (lines '56'-'136').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:56:	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'password' (lines '57'-'136').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:57:	Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'whichdirectory' (lines '58'-'136').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:59:	Local variable 'arr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:61:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:61:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dir' (lines '63'-'136').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like cp
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cp' (lines '65'-'136').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:65:	Local variable 'cp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:69:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:70:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:71:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:76:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:79:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:82:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:83:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:86:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:89:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:90:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:97:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:100:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:101:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:105:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:108:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:109:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:114:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:117:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:119:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:124:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:127:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:128:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:132:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:138:	Parameter 'destPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:138:	Parameter 'svnPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:138:	Parameter 'svnUserName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:138:	Parameter 'svnurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:138:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repository' (lines '141'-'147').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:151:	Local variable 'authManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:159:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:161:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:165:	Local variable 'latestRevision' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:167:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:171:	Local variable 'ourClientManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:178:	Local variable 'updateClient' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:193:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:194:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:201:	Avoid variables with short names like cp
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:201:	Parameter 'cp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:201:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:201:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:202:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:212:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:214:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:216:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:219:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	Parameter 'commituser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	Parameter 'copydir' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	Parameter 'dir' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	The method 'push' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	The method 'push' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	The method 'push' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	The method push() has an NPath complexity of 288
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:224:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:226:	Avoid variables with short names like cp
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:226:	Local variable 'cp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:227:	Local variable 'miop' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:230:	Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:230:	Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'git' (lines '234'-'236').
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:238:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:240:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:242:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:246:	Local variable 'newdir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:248:	Local variable 'addc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:250:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:254:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:256:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:260:	Local variable 'commit' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:266:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:268:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:270:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:272:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:276:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:278:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:280:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:283:	Avoid variables with short names like pc
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:283:	Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:288:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:288:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:290:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:293:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/GitProcessing/GithubOperations.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:7:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:16:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:23:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:32:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:39:	Parameter 'loginURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/constants/ApplicationConstants.java:57:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/AppController.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/AppController.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/AppController.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/AppController.java:17:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/AppController.java:17:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/AppController.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/AppController.java:18:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/AppController.java:20:	Local variable 'responseHeaders' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/FactoryController.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/FactoryController.java:33:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/FactoryController.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/FactoryController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/FactoryController.java:46:	Parameter 'jsonlists' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/FactoryController.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '47'-'50').
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/FactoryController.java:51:	Local variable 'jobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/FactoryController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/FactoryController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:29:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:42:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:43:	Local variable 'responseHeaders' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:61:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:62:	Local variable 'responseHeaders' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:65:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:78:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:80:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:81:	Local variable 'responseHeaders' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:84:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:98:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:99:	Local variable 'responseHeaders' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:102:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/controller/ManagerController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:22:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:25:	Parameter 'blueprint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:25:	Parameter 'whatAction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:26:	Local variable 'returnarr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:27:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:31:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:32:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '36'-'37').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:38:	Local variable 'parentpath' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:39:	Local variable 'miop' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:42:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/AppFactorySave.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:13:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:14:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'success'
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:16:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:16:	Parameter 'accessdata' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:16:	Parameter 'arr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:16:	Parameter 'parentdirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:17:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:17:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:17:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:18:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'channel' (lines '18'-'57').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:18:	Local variable 'channel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:19:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'provider' (lines '19'-'57').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:19:	Local variable 'provider' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:20:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dest' (lines '20'-'57').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:20:	Local variable 'dest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:22:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:22:	Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:22:	The String literal ".js" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 22
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:23:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:23:	Local variable 'providers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:24:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:24:	Local variable 'providersservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:29:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:30:	Local variable 'channel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:31:	Local variable 'provider' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:32:	Local variable 'dest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:34:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:34:	Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:35:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:35:	Local variable 'providers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:36:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:36:	Local variable 'providersservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:41:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:42:	Local variable 'channel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:43:	Local variable 'provider' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:44:	Local variable 'dest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:46:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:46:	Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:47:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:47:	Local variable 'providers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:48:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:48:	Local variable 'providersservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:58:	Parameter 'primaryService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:59:	Local variable 'hookObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:60:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'channeldetails' (lines '60'-'114').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:60:	Local variable 'channeldetails' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:62:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:63:	Local variable 'provideronhook' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:64:	The String literal "otpLength" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 64
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:76:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:77:	Local variable 'providerposthook' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:94:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:95:	Local variable 'providerpreook' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/CheckHook.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=48, ATFD=96, TCC=0.3076923076923077)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:25:	The class 'GenerateApp' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:25:	The class 'GenerateApp' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:25:	The class 'GenerateApp' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:25:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:42:	Local variable 'miop' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:43:	Local variable 'parentdirectory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:45:	Local variable 'createdir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:48:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnarr' (lines '59'-'61').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:60:	Local variable 'gito' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:64:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:77:	Local variable 'miop' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:79:	Local variable 'jobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:82:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:82:	Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:96:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'provider' (lines '96'-'103').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:99:	Local variable 'miop' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:100:	Local variable 'providerarr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:101:	Local variable 'provider' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:103:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:103:	Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:108:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:111:	Local variable 'dest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:113:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:117:	Local variable 'providerlist' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:132:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:132:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:144:	Local variable 'chook' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:148:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:158:	Local variable 'pushOperation' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:159:	Local variable 'miop' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:161:	Local variable 'urls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:173:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:183:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:185:	Local variable 'destzip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:187:	Local variable 'mZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:199:	Local variable 'pushOperation' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:200:	Local variable 'appresponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:203:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:208:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:211:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:226:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bservice' (lines '226'-'259').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:226:	Local variable 'bservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:227:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mip' (lines '227'-'259').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:227:	Local variable 'mip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:228:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pushOperation' (lines '228'-'259').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:228:	Local variable 'pushOperation' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:230:	Local variable 'platform' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:231:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '231'-'259').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:231:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:232:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:235:	Local variable 'jobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:236:	Local variable 'createservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceinstanceguid
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:237:	Local variable 'serviceinstanceguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:239:	Local variable 'createresponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:240:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serviceguid' (lines '240'-'259').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:240:	Local variable 'serviceguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:241:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serviceaappguid' (lines '241'-'259').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:241:	Local variable 'serviceaappguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:242:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bindobj' (lines '242'-'259').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:242:	Local variable 'bindobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:243:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:250:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:252:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:255:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:265:	Local variable 'gito' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:266:	Local variable 'miop' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:267:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:268:	Local variable 'copydir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:270:	Local variable 'applicationname' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:271:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:275:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:286:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:286:	Parameter 'forwhat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:286:	The method 'whatProviders' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:286:	The method 'whatProviders' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:286:	The method 'whatProviders' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:287:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'providerlist' (lines '287'-'328').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:287:	Local variable 'providerlist' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:288:	Local variable 'deletelist' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:310:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:324:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:335:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:336:	Local variable 'miop' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:337:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:337:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:338:	Avoid variables with short names like rm
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:338:	Local variable 'rm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:345:	Avoid variables with short names like rm
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:345:	Local variable 'rm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:348:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:348:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:351:	Avoid variables with short names like rm
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:351:	Local variable 'rm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:356:	Avoid variables with short names like rm
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:356:	Local variable 'rm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:367:	Parameter 'jobj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:368:	Local variable 'serviceplan' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:369:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:370:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:370:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:377:	Local variable 'createservice' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:382:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:382:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:391:	Local variable 'jobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:392:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:392:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:393:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:393:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:393:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:393:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:397:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:400:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:400:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:400:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:400:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:403:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:403:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:403:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:403:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/GenerateApp.java:409:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:16:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:18:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:19:	Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:21:	The String literal "GET" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 21
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:22:	The String literal "Content-Type" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 22
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:22:	The String literal "application/x-www-form-urlencoded;charset=utf-8" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 22
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:25:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:27:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:27:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:27:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:27:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '29'-'32').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '30'-'31').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:31:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '31'-'53').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:32:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:40:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:41:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:41:	The String literal "Failed" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 41
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:45:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:49:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:55:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:55:	Parameter 'platForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:58:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:60:	Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:66:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:68:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:68:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:68:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:68:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:70:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '70'-'73').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '71'-'72').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:72:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:72:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '72'-'94').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:73:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:77:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:81:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:82:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:86:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:87:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:90:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:96:	Parameter 'searchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:96:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:99:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:101:	Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:107:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:109:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:109:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:109:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:109:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:109:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '111'-'114').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '112'-'113').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:113:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:113:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '113'-'134').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:114:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:118:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:122:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:123:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:127:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:131:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:136:	Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:136:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:138:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:140:	Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:146:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:148:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:148:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:148:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:148:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:148:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '150'-'153').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '151'-'152').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:152:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:152:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '152'-'173').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:153:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:157:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:161:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:162:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:166:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:167:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:170:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PaasCatalog.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:24:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:24:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:24:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:26:	Local variable 'platformOrdinal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:28:	Local variable 'authURL' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:30:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:31:	Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:37:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:39:	Local variable 'os' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:43:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:43:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:47:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:47:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:47:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:47:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '49'-'54').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:50:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:50:	Local variable 'line' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '51'-'85').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '53'-'60').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:54:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '54'-'85').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:56:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:56:	Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:57:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '60'-'60').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:61:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:66:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:67:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:71:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:72:	The String literal "Failed" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 72
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:76:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:77:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:81:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:88:	Parameter 'jsonObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:88:	Parameter 'platForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:91:	Local variable 'platformOrdinal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:96:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:98:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:99:	Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:104:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:104:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:109:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:109:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:109:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:109:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:109:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '111'-'114').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:113:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:113:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '113'-'143').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:114:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:117:	Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:118:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:119:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:132:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:136:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:139:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:145:	Parameter 'inputObj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:148:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:150:	Local variable 'org' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:151:	Local variable 'resources' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:154:	Local variable 'entity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:155:	Local variable 'metadata' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:156:	Local variable 'orgguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:158:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:159:	Local variable 'conn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:164:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:164:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:169:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:169:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:169:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:169:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:169:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:171:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '171'-'175').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:174:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:174:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '174'-'201').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:175:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:178:	Local variable 'parser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:179:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:180:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:185:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:189:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:193:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:197:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/PlatformAuthenticate.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:13:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:21:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:28:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:30:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'authenticate' (lines '30'-'47').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:30:	Local variable 'authenticate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:33:	Local variable 'platformOrdinal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '34'-'38').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '34'-'42').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:35:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:35:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:35:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:50:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'selected' (lines '50'-'53').
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:50:	Parameter 'inputPlatform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:52:	Local variable 'selected' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:54:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:55:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:66:	Parameter 'catalogtype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:68:	Local variable 'paasCatalog' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:69:	Local variable 'output' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:76:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:76:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:77:	Local variable 'paasCatalog' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:78:	Local variable 'output' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:85:	Parameter 'searchstring' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:85:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:86:	Local variable 'paasCatalog' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:87:	Local variable 'output' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:93:	Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:93:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:94:	Local variable 'paasCatalog' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:95:	Local variable 'output' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/core/StubManager.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/exceptions/MyException.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/exceptions/MyException.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/exceptions/MyException.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/exceptions/MyException.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/exceptions/MyException.java:15:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/exceptions/MyException.java:15:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/exceptions/MyException.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/exceptions/MyException.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=52, ATFD=38, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:27:	The class 'MultiIOprocessing' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:27:	The class 'MultiIOprocessing' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:27:	The class 'MultiIOprocessing' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:27:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:28:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:29:	Parameter 'whatname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:29:	Parameter 'whichdirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:30:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:31:	Local variable 'application' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:35:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:37:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:43:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:43:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'each' (lines '43'-'46').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:43:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'f' (lines '43'-'43').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:43:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:43:	Parameter 'directories' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:44:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnjson' (lines '44'-'58').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:45:	Local variable 'each' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:46:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:46:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:48:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:49:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:49:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:52:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sCurrentLine' (lines '52'-'55').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:56:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:56:	Local variable 'jsonObject' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:61:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:70:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '70'-'76').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:70:	Parameter 'json1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:70:	Parameter 'json2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mergedJSON' (lines '71'-'74').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mergedJSON' (lines '71'-'83').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:72:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:72:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:75:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:80:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:89:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:89:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:89:	Parameter 'directories' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:89:	Parameter 'json' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:90:	Local variable 'scriptjson' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:92:	Local variable 'packagejson' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '97'-'102').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:98:	Local variable 'jsonString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:99:	Local variable 'parentfile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:100:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:107:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:114:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'aFile' (lines '114'-'120').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:114:	Parameter 'dir' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:117:	Local variable 'files' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:119:	Local variable 'aFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:127:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:134:	Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:134:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:137:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:143:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:145:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:148:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:155:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:155:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:155:	Parameter 'providername' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:155:	Parameter 'what' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:155:	The method 'changeAppjs' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:155:	The method 'changeAppjs' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:155:	The method 'changeAppjs' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:155:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newpath' (lines '156'-'205').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:156:	Local variable 'newpath' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:157:	Avoid variables with short names like fw
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fw' (lines '157'-'162').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fw' (lines '157'-'171').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:158:	Avoid variables with short names like bw
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bw' (lines '158'-'163').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bw' (lines '158'-'172').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '159'-'164').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '159'-'173').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:161:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:170:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:187:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:189:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:192:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:195:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:198:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:201:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:208:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:208:	Parameter 'hookObj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:208:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:208:	Parameter 'primaryProviders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:208:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:209:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:210:	Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:211:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:212:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:212:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'job'.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:212:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'job' (lines '212'-'244').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:212:	Local variable 'job' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:213:	Local variable 'clientobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:220:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:221:	The String literal "YES" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 221
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:224:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:227:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:230:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:237:	Local variable 'lines' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:241:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:246:	Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:246:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:246:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:251:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:254:	Parameter 'primaryProviders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:254:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:255:	Local variable 'envjson' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:256:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:260:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:264:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:268:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:274:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:274:	Parameter 'dir' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:274:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:276:	Local variable 'directory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:277:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:278:	Local variable 'lines' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiIOprocessing.java:285:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:18:	The class 'MultiZipProcessing' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:18:	The class 'MultiZipProcessing' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:18:	The class 'MultiZipProcessing' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:25:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:25:	Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:25:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:25:	Parameter 'whatAction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:25:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:34:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:43:	Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:43:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:45:	Local variable 'testZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:56:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'file' (lines '56'-'70').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:56:	Parameter 'zipFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buffer' (lines '58'-'91').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:58:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:62:	Local variable 'fos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:63:	Local variable 'zos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:67:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:70:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like ze
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:70:	Local variable 'ze' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:73:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:74:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:77:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '77'-'77').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '77'-'91').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:89:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:98:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'filename' (lines '98'-'108').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:98:	Parameter 'node' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:106:	Local variable 'subNote' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:107:	Local variable 'filename' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:108:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:119:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:123:	Parameter 'destinations' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:123:	Parameter 'sources' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:123:	The method 'unZipAll' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:123:	The method 'unZipAll' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:123:	The method 'unZipAll' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buffer' (lines '125'-'188').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:125:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:126:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:127:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:128:	Local variable 'zip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:131:	Local variable 'zipFileEntries' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:135:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:136:	Local variable 'currentEntry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:137:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:137:	Local variable 'destFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:138:	Local variable 'destinationParent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:142:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:144:	Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:144:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'is' (lines '144'-'148').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fos' (lines '145'-'151').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dest' (lines '146'-'152').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:148:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:150:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:150:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:151:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:152:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:152:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dest' (lines '152'-'188').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:153:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:153:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentByte' (lines '153'-'188').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:156:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:157:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:178:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:179:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:183:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:184:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultiZipProcessing.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:31:	Parameter 'requestURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:31:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:32:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:68:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bytesRead' (lines '68'-'75').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:77:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:77:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:84:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:84:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:84:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:84:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '85'-'88').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:87:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '87'-'91').
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/ioprocessing/MultipartUtility.java:88:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like devlopergitpassword
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like devlopergitusername
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:23:	Parameter 'orgguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:29:	Parameter 'servicename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:35:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:41:	Parameter 'accesstoken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:47:	Parameter 'spaceguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:53:	Parameter 'devlopergiturl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like devlopergitusername
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:59:	Parameter 'devlopergitusername' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like devlopergitpassword
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:65:	Parameter 'devlopergitpassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:71:	Parameter 'otherservices' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:77:	Parameter 'primaryservice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:83:	Parameter 'runningapp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:89:	Parameter 'gitpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/BluePrint.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like provideraccountSID
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like providertoRecipient
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:18:	Parameter 'channel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:24:	Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:30:	Parameter 'hookchannelurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:36:	Parameter 'providerurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:42:	Parameter 'channeltype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like provideraccountSID
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:48:	Parameter 'provideraccountSID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:54:	Parameter 'providerauthToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like providertoRecipient
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:60:	Parameter 'providertoRecipient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:66:	Parameter 'providerfrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:72:	Parameter 'channellength' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:78:	Parameter 'channelexpiryTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OnHook.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:19:	Parameter 'servicename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:27:	Parameter 'serviceid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/OtherServices.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:19:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:25:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:31:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasAuthentication.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasCatalog.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasCatalog.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasCatalog.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasCatalog.java:14:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasCatalog.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasCatalog.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasCatalog.java:20:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PaasCatalog.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like provideraccountSID
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like providertoRecipient
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:17:	Parameter 'channel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:23:	Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:29:	Parameter 'hookchannelurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:35:	Parameter 'providerurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:41:	Parameter 'channeltype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like provideraccountSID
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:47:	Parameter 'provideraccountSID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:53:	Parameter 'providerauthToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like providertoRecipient
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:59:	Parameter 'providertoRecipient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:65:	Parameter 'providerfrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:71:	Parameter 'channellength' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:77:	Parameter 'channelexpiryTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PostHook.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like provideraccountSID
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like providertoRecipient
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:17:	Parameter 'channel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:23:	Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:29:	Parameter 'hookchannelurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:35:	Parameter 'providerurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:41:	Parameter 'channeltype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like provideraccountSID
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:47:	Parameter 'provideraccountSID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:53:	Parameter 'providerauthToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like providertoRecipient
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:59:	Parameter 'providertoRecipient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:65:	Parameter 'providerfrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:71:	Parameter 'channellength' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:77:	Parameter 'channelexpiryTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PreHook.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:23:	Parameter 'facebook' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:29:	Parameter 'google' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:35:	Parameter 'linkedin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:41:	Parameter 'twitter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:44:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:44:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:55:	Parameter 'clientID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:63:	Parameter 'clientSecret' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:68:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:68:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:73:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:79:	Parameter 'clientID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:87:	Parameter 'clientSecret' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:91:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:91:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:102:	Parameter 'clientID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:110:	Parameter 'clientSecret' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:114:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:114:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:119:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:125:	Parameter 'clientID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:133:	Parameter 'clientSecret' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryProviders.java:133:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:21:	Parameter 'protocol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:27:	Parameter 'appurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:33:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:39:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:45:	Parameter 'providers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:51:	Parameter 'prehook' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:57:	Parameter 'posthook' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:63:	Parameter 'onhook' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/model/PrimaryService.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:20:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:20:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:21:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:22:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '22'-'26').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:25:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:25:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '25'-'39').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:26:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:29:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:31:	Local variable 'err' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:34:	Local variable 'errjobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:37:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:47:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:47:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '48'-'51').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:50:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:53:	The String literal "GET" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 53
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:54:	The String literal "bearer " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 54
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:56:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '58'-'61').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:60:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:60:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '60'-'75').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:61:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:64:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:65:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:66:	The String literal "service_instance_guid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 66
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:67:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:69:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:70:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:72:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:83:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:83:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '84'-'87').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:86:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:92:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:92:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:92:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:92:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:92:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '94'-'97').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:96:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '96'-'111').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:97:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:100:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:101:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:103:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:105:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:106:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:108:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:120:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:120:	Parameter 'serviceLists' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:120:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '121'-'126').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:123:	Local variable 'guid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:125:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:131:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:131:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '133'-'136').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:135:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:135:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '135'-'150').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:136:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:139:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:140:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:142:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:144:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:145:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:147:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like service_instance_guid
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'app_guid' is not final.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'service_instance_guid' is not final.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Parameter 'app_guid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Parameter 'bindobj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Parameter 'service_instance_guid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Parameter 'serviceappguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Parameter 'serviceplan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:161:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:162:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '162'-'165').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:164:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:168:	The String literal "Content-Type" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 168
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:168:	The String literal "application/x-www-form-urlencoded" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 168
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:169:	The String literal "Authorization" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 169
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:171:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:174:	Local variable 'inputobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:179:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:180:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:181:	Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:181:	Local variable 'os' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:185:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:185:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:185:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:185:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:185:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:187:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '187'-'190').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:189:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '189'-'202').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:190:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:193:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:194:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:196:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:197:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:199:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:207:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'app_guid' is not final.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'space_guid' is not final.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Parameter 'app_guid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Parameter 'serviceobj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Parameter 'serviceplan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Parameter 'space_guid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:212:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:213:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '213'-'222').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:216:	Local variable 'serviceplanguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:219:	Local variable 'servicename' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:221:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:228:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:229:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:231:	Local variable 'inputobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:237:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:238:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:239:	Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:239:	Local variable 'os' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:243:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:243:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:245:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '245'-'248').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:247:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:247:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '247'-'274').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:248:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:251:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:254:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:255:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:256:	Local variable 'entity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:257:	Local variable 'last_operation' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:257:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'last_operation' is not final.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:261:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:264:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:265:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:265:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'response'
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:269:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:276:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'app_guid' is not final.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:276:	Parameter 'app_guid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:276:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:276:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:276:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '277'-'281').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:280:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:287:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:288:	Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:288:	Local variable 'os' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:292:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:292:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '294'-'297').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:296:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:296:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '296'-'313').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:296:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:297:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:300:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:302:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:304:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:308:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:315:	Parameter 'appguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:315:	Parameter 'platform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:315:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:315:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:316:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '316'-'321').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:320:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:327:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:327:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '329'-'332').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:331:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:331:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '331'-'347').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:332:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:336:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:338:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/BindService.java:342:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:24:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:24:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:25:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '26'-'30').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:29:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:29:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '29'-'43').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:30:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:33:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:35:	Local variable 'err' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:38:	Local variable 'errjobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:41:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:44:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:48:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:50:	The String literal "http://" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 50
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:51:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:51:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:69:	Local variable 'arr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:75:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:75:	Parameter 'appresponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:75:	Parameter 'whatplatform' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:76:	Parameter 'zippath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:79:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:98:	Parameter 'appname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:98:	Parameter 'platformurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:98:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:98:	Parameter 'zippath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '99'-'104').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:101:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:102:	Local variable 'spaceguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:103:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:107:	The String literal "Content-Type" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 107
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:107:	The String literal "application/x-www-form-urlencoded" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 107
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:108:	The String literal "bearer " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 108
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:109:	Local variable 'jobj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:112:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:113:	Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:113:	Local variable 'os' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:117:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:117:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:117:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:117:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:117:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '119'-'122').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:121:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '121'-'146').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:122:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:125:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:127:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:128:	Local variable 'appguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:130:	The String literal "access_token" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 130
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:135:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:137:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:140:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:148:	Parameter 'jsonObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:148:	Parameter 'platformurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:148:	Parameter 'zippath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:149:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '149'-'154').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:151:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:153:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:157:	The String literal "authorization" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 157
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:159:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:159:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:159:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:159:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:159:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '161'-'164').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:163:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:163:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '163'-'182').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:164:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:167:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:168:	Local variable 'resources' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp' (lines '169'-'170').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:171:	Local variable 'guid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:173:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:174:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:177:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:184:	Parameter 'jsonObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:184:	Parameter 'platformurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:184:	Parameter 'zippath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '185'-'192').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:187:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:188:	Local variable 'appname' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:189:	Local variable 'spaceguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:190:	Local variable 'domainguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:191:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:198:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:200:	Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:200:	Local variable 'os' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:204:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:204:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '206'-'209').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:208:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '208'-'225').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:209:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:212:	Local variable 'responseObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:213:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:214:	Local variable 'guid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:216:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:217:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:220:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:227:	Parameter 'domainguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:227:	Parameter 'jsonObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:227:	Parameter 'platformurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:227:	Parameter 'zippath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:228:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '228'-'235').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:230:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:231:	Local variable 'appguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:232:	Local variable 'routeguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:234:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:240:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:244:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:244:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:244:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:244:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:244:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:245:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '245'-'248').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:245:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '245'-'260').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:247:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:247:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '247'-'260').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:248:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:251:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:252:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:255:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:263:	Parameter 'domainguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:263:	Parameter 'jsonObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:263:	Parameter 'platformurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:263:	Parameter 'zippath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:264:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:265:	Local variable 'appguid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:266:	Local variable 'uploadFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:267:	Local variable 'requestURL' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:269:	Local variable 'multipart' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:272:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:272:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '272'-'283').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:272:	Local variable 'output' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:273:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:275:	Local variable 'returnstr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:276:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:276:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'returnstr'
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:280:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:285:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:296:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:303:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:310:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:333:	Parameter 'appguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:333:	Parameter 'domainguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:333:	Parameter 'platformurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:333:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:333:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:333:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:334:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '334'-'338').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:337:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:344:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:345:	Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:345:	Local variable 'os' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:349:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:349:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:350:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '350'-'353').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:350:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '350'-'366').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:352:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:352:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '352'-'366').
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:352:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:353:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:356:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:357:	Local variable 'returnstr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:358:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:358:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'returnstr'
src/main/java/com/appManager/platformpush/PushTheApp.java:361:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/resources/Messages.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/resources/Messages.java:13:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/appManager/resources/Messages.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/resources/Messages.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/resources/Messages.java:18:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/resources/Messages.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/resources/Messages.java:20:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:9:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IStubManager.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IappFactory.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IappFactory.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IappFactory.java:8:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IappFactory.java:8:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/route/IappFactory.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:19:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:20:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'env_json' is not final.
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:27:	Parameter 'domainguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:31:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:35:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:35:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'env_json' is not final.
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:35:	Parameter 'env_json' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:43:	Parameter 'appguid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:51:	Parameter 'host' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:59:	Parameter 'endpoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:67:	Parameter 'createservice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:76:	Parameter 'bindservice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:84:	Parameter 'runningapp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:92:	Parameter 'hookObj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:100:	Parameter 'blueprint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:108:	Parameter 'parentdirectory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:116:	Parameter 'servicefolderpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:120:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:124:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:124:	Parameter 'downloadfolders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/service/AccessData.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAAS_AUTHENTICATION
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_RELATIVE_CATALOG
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/url/RequestMappingUrl.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:14:	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:14:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:15:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:21:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:29:	Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:32:	Local variable 'jsonObject' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:35:	Local variable 'resArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:36:	Local variable 'mDataObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:37:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:41:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:48:	Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:56:	Local variable 'resArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:57:	Local variable 'mDataObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:58:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:62:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:67:	Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:69:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guid' (lines '69'-'75').
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:71:	Local variable 'jsonObject' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:72:	Local variable 'resArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:73:	Local variable 'mDataObj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:74:	Local variable 'metaData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:78:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:82:	Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:88:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:93:	Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:98:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/appManager/utils/AppUtils.java:100:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
